Feature/new brand (#2644)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/about_documentation/documentation-repository.md

4. Click **Add application** on the top right and select **Upload web application**.
5. Drop the downloaded ZIP file and follow the prompts to complete the upload.

> Once uploaded, the application is created and available in the application list of your Cumulocity tenant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once uploaded, the application is created and available in the application list of your {{< product-c8y-iot >}} tenant.
```
